Hey, good morning family. I just wanted to
say we did it. Praise the Lord,
mission
accomplished. When we set out to pray for
the President back whenever the
election was over, the Lord said, 'You
must pray him through the inauguration,
for there will be many attacks trying to
come against him, against his life,
and
against the inauguration
itself.'He
said this is going to be a time of
great intercessory prayer, and that's
exactly what we set out to do. The Lord
told me, 'Brandon, you're going to
raise up a million-man and woman prayer
army. You're going to pray throughout
the whole world and
change things in politics and things
that I'm going to show you as a watchman
on the wall.'That's exactly what
we've set out to do on this
channel—to
pray to change things. That's what we
named our church: Prayer Changes
Things. Prayer Church
was taken and Prayer Foundation was
there, so we used Prayer Foundation. People
ask
why we use 'Foundation'; it’s
because
that's what they had in the state of
Oklahoma. We're excited
to call it Prayer Changes Things because
that's what we believe here.
Thank you for joining me in
praying. I believe our prayers changed a
lot of things these last
100 days. I don't know how many
days that is from November
5th to January 20th, but it's a
lot of days. God used us, ladies
and gentlemen. Whenever He
gave me this very strong warning about
the trucks, the vans, and all the
major attacks I saw trying to come
upon America, I believe we delayed it,
because the trucks didn't disappear.
What I saw in the spirit did not just
disappear. All
I
know is that when we
pray with our
whole heart as believers, we have
authority over the devil. I know
beyond a shadow of a doubt that we have
that authority because I've seen it work.
I've seen prayer change things
over and over again.
People get upset and
say,
'You should have a little
fruit of something.'Just because
you have a window of time
where
you protected the President to get him
in and it didn't
manifest everything I saw, doesn't mean
it went away.
He said this is something
that's going to take continual prayer
throughout
his
presidency. There are a lot of bad people
in our country right now that were let in
across those borders.
Just because you
delayed or stopped something for a
window does not mean it went away; it
just means they have to
re-evaluate because we exposed their
agenda in the spirit
realm and uncovered
a plot.
They may try to reassess and
come at a different angle another
day. You have to be smarter than that.
When you uncover the enemy's plans, the
enemy has to
re-strategize.
So, we pray and
ask the Lord what their next plan is. The
enemy is
relentless.
Our job on
this channel is to continue to pray.
It's
amazing that so
much of the world listened to that
video instantaneously. People who are
not familiar with the spirit realm and
how things work when you pray
are
going to criticize and say that guy's
flaky because they don't understand what
God's called a watchman to do.
A lot of believers
say, 'You should have this or have
that,'and
I say that's why
God didn't call you to tell
people—because
you're too worried about
their opinions. I'm addressing
this
because it needs
to be said; I'm not going to
sweep
it under the rug.
Similar to
other prophetic words that have
happened in the past,
I've told you all I do not believe I'm a
prophetic voice.
Some
say I walk in the prophetic, but I
believe I'm called
to do
what
the people who mentored me
trained me to
do.
Pastors and
evangelists
have poured into me, and
I've listened to prayer teachings
from my youth, sitting
under
intercessory
prayer people
like
Sister Billye
Brim and
the
WWPs. We expect to change things. The Lord
warns, 'Warning, warning, warning; pray, pray,
pray,'and
we delay or stop
them.
That's
what we are called to do on this channel.
I
want to keep
driving this in with you
all. That's what this channel's
for, and that's what we will
continue to do over the next four years
plus.
It's not just about
America; it's going to be about praying
over Ukraine and Israel. I've seen
more stuff, but I've been
slow to release it.
I
used to
make a video the same day I got something from the Lord, but because
the platform has grown so big, I'm
taking the time to pray over what He's
showing me.
That
is
wisdom
when you have millions of people
following you.
I had the word about the
inauguration because I was praying. I
asked,
'What are you going to do to stop
these trucks and
stop them
from hurting all these people?'Where
did
the trucks go?
He said, 'I'm going to bring in a
major cold front.'I have this all on video; I can
document it and show you.
The Lord said, 'Brandon,
I'm going to bring in a major cold front
that is
unusual. It will be so strong that
they'll have to take it
indoors. I will protect the people
through the
weather. It
will
be so frigid and the winds will be
strong—a
blast
of cold air.'He said it to me three times. He said
it will change the course of what I
saw
coming.
Just like He said,
it happened.
My wife recorded it. She asked, 'Honey,
should you tell them?'I said I was going to
pray over it first, but it didn't give me
enough time to make a video.
People are
cold and will not show up.
In these
cities, people are not moving around
much
because
of
an unusual cold snap.
It will be a sustained cold snap,
reinforced three times.
You will see this as it alters the
way people
move. This
is
very unusual and
deep. It
will flow down
into
places like
Florida, but I see
deep purple up north in
Ohio—deep
purple
cold. The
Lord is
doing it to
protect the
people.
It's about the
inauguration. This will
start this week
and
alter the weather
to cooperate with the
plan. People won't come outside
when it's really cold.
Terrorists don't want to
do stuff when it's really
cold because they're looking
for
big crowds.
Our
prayers are altering the
weather.
He's working on our behalf.
I keep seeing it
being
reinforced, pulling it down, and changing
things so people don't want to
travel. What's coming is to
distract and deter.
The Lord said, 'Call this
and pray for Trump.'I heard today
to pray
that the
judge's
plan to try to convict
him on the 10th be foiled in the name of
Jesus. We say to that foul devil from
hell rising up inside
this man: you are bound in Jesus'name.
You will
not succeed
in
this plan. We
have authority over this demonic spirit,
and
your plans are
coming to naught. We call the Supreme Court
justices
to rise up and defeat
this plan.
These plots are
over in the name of Jesus. The
Supreme Court justices will rule in our
favor, and it will happen quickly.
The weather changed and
got really cold; it was a Siberian
front. From what
I understood, it was the coldest
it's
been in over 40 years. We
give God all the glory because He can
use the weather to change things.
If
the world
isn't
hearing Him,
He can use the elements of
nature to protect.
Look how big our God is,
that He would use the weather
to
protect our President and the
people.
I saw those drones and
the trucks,
but He
made
it so
cold it would be miserable
to go out.
Then He brought the
people into the stadium. We interceded
for the stadium; I saw
that
and brought a video out
way before they even announced
the parade
and ceremony would be held there. We got
that glimpse from some sisters in
Australia to warn everybody.
It's
not all about me;
other
watchmen
saw
something in advance.
So
we started interceding for the stadium.
We're never blindsided
by the enemy's
plans. Thank God for
communion; we're going to take
it
today and rejoice.
If you're
a skeptic,
stick around.
We saw in New
Orleans—God
rest their
souls—the
attack the Lord showed us in prayer
at my flower bed. He said there
would
be attacks in New Orleans,
Las Vegas, and
Nashville. We saw two of them, but we
didn't see the one. Do you believe the
power of prayer changed that one?
I believe it did.
I saw
many men in Las Vegas; where did those
other men go? It was a lone wolf. The
Lord told me you'll see lone wolf
attacks.
Then the Lord showed me the strip again
with the Bellagio and the
fountains out front and the
Eiffel Tower-looking thing. He told
me to pray for Las Vegas, as we
would see another major attack
there
in the
future. I see in part
and
hear in part. I see leaves on trees, so I
know the attack in Las Vegas is in a
warmer climate.
Is
it
February,
March,
or
April?
I don't know.
He warns us of things
to come. He said ten major cities with
over a thousand men. Those men did
not disappear; they didn't
just
pack their bags
and go back across the border. This
has been an ongoing plot for a long time.
We will continue to stand in the
gap and pray for America to wake up.
President Trump, with this new
administration, will find the evil and
expose the darkness
because I've seen a
plague coming still.
Everybody was
freaking out about the Bible thing.
'Chicken
Little, the sky is falling!
He didn't put his hand on the
Bible!'I
posted that to
see
where everyone was at, and it
was
a mixed crowd.
Bottom line is John Roberts, the
Chief
Justice who was swearing him in,
started before
the
family
could even get
Melania up there with the
Bible. It wasn't Trump being
malicious;
it was a mistake.
People might say that's a harbinger,
like Jonathan
Cahn's
harbingers.
I'm
curious what he would
say.
Will President Trump
re-swear
himself in
on the Bible?
I believe it's a vow to God
to
lead by His direction for this
country
as
one nation
under
God.
I
don't think there's a conspiracy behind
everything all the time. I don't drink the Kool-Aid.
We can get off into
some
weird
stuff with conspiracy theories and Q stuff,
like
people
saying
Trump was president the
whole time during Joe Biden's
inauguration.
I don't believe
that.
Let's be balanced
and keep our eyes on Jesus.
I
believe
Jesus has
made us the head and not the tail.
We're going to go through
these
four years with victory.
I feel hope, but
I still feel the lingering darkness.
We
still
have
work to do. We're going
to ask the Lord
to protect our finances.
The Lord told me,
'Brandon, watch George Soros
in the days ahead.'I was shown George
Soros passing away and his son
rising up. I saw his son was more of a
tyrant than George Soros.
The Lord
said
these are the signs
to
watch.
I
saw Klaus Schwab, the guy over
the WHO,
being removed,
and I saw a darker one coming up behind
him. I saw George Soros passing away, and
the Lord showed me Hitler again.
He said, 'Brandon, this is
an Antichrist spirit that was on
Hitler.'You
are about to see Emmanuel
Macron rise up like you wouldn't believe.
He
is going
to take an Antichrist role in the days
ahead. Watch
him,
for he is an
Ishmael
before the
Isaac. The Isaac
is coming; he is
being groomed. I saw demonic
spirits grooming a man
behind a curtain.
The church, the
ekklesia,
the bride, is holding back that
Antichrist man right now by
our prayer. But an Ishmael is
rising up,
and it's
Emmanuel
Macron.
You will see him take
great power and
make
big moves.
Then you will see the
Antichrist spirit that was on
Hitler; it's grooming the man behind
the curtain right now.
The Lord spoke to me and
said Turkey will become friends with
Syria and come to their aid. I saw a
distressed Syria cowering
down, and
an Islamic
brotherhood
coming
forth in a strong wave.
When you see
your brother being
picked
on,
you
defend
them.
Syria is wounded,
and
I
saw Turkey rising up
viciously to defend its brother.
I saw great blows coming to Iran.
All the Islamic
communities—from
Syria to Yemen,
Oman,
Iraq,
and
Iran—will
try
to
band together.
But as
Iran is afflicted, people treated them
like a
'red-headed
stepchild.'They
didn't treat them with
the same
brotherhood as Syria. I don't understand that vibe, but the Lord showed me
that while they defend
Iran, they
don't really like
them.
You will see Iran,
but they won't be treated as well as
Syria or Hamas.
I
saw a plan being devised
against
Israel. Another major blow will come
against Israel. I saw
them
regrouping and saw Damascus becoming a
ruinous heap.
As Trump comes
in, they're
going back
into
their
holes
to strategize.
I've warned
you about biological weapons
coming out of the mountains of Iran
into Syria and
Damascus.
I saw
50-gallon
drums of
a
yellow substance—biological
barrels.
I've described
this to people in the military, and
they said it sounds like
Agent
Orange.
This
is
what
I'm praying over.
I saw Donald Trump
rising up, and I know
they're going to make
Canada and America one
currency, and eventually Mexico as
they take the Panama Canal.
I have not seen anything about
Greenland, so I cannot add that.
I
only saw Canada.
I saw Justin Trudeau being removed and
replaced
by
a more conservative person.
They will have revival from sea to
sea, from the Atlantic to the
Pacific.
I have seen a major revival
coming throughout the whole
world—one
last push for a mighty harvest.
America will rise up, and
Donald Trump will put the
pieces together. People
ask
about the economy crash.
In
October, the Lord told
me that because
His
people
humbled themselves and prayed,
He is giving us a
four-year window of reprieve.
He
is
giving
us
an
opportunity for change.
It was
decided in the courts of heaven to give
an extended
time of grace for revival
and a financial outpouring.
The wealth of the sinner is laid up for the
righteous. You will
see a major turn in finances
through gold, silver,
cryptos,
and
the Iraqi Dinar.
This
will be the greatest transfer of wealth
the
world has ever
seen.
I
was disappointed about the 'Trump
coin'because
I didn't hear about it in
time,
but
then
it
crashed, so
maybe that was God's
protection.
I
keep my eyes on Jesus. Don't
worry
about what everyone says on the
internet.
I
was told that
the President's
family watches
these
videos. If you're
watching, Mr. President, we love you
and
pray for you.
We
are
raising
a prayer army to
protect you.
God has a
plan and purpose for you in these end
times.
We pray for your sons,
daughters,
and
grandkids.
Thank
you for sacrificing your life.
You released those people
from January 6th and you're
making America great again.
Thank
you
from my family to
yours.
We
will always lift you up.
We've interceded for
hundreds of
hours.
So let's
take communion
as a family and give God
glory.
We wrestle not
against flesh and blood, but against
principalities and powers.
We have
authority over the devil.
Father, I thank you for President
Trump and the Solomon
anointing on his
mind.
You
chose a man of character
to
help us out of this hole.
Trump isn't the Savior, but
he
is
a
covering. We
got rid of a bad covering, and the
enemy
is being restrained.
When the righteous rule, the people rejoice.
We
thank
you
for
the
character
of
this
man.
Keep him
in your hand and
preserve him.
Keep him
from
pride.
Father, we lift up this
body.
You are the healer. We
apply
the
blood of
Jesus.
Forgive this nation
for aborting so many babies.
We repent as a nation.
I
thank you for the states
standing against abortion.
There
will be a
clear dividing line between those that
stand for God
and those that don't.
Seed time
and harvest will excel.
We
plead
the
blood
over President Trump,
his wife, and children.
I'm not a Pharisee;
I love Jesus with all my
heart.
Thank you for taking
this
seriously.
My wife and I pray
for every one of you. The
best
is
yet
to
come.
I believe
in
'Secret
Service'angels—special
ops
angels
protecting
the
President,
my
family,
and
all of
you.
I talk about Big
George—he's
real and
he's my friend.
God
rebukes the devourer for our sake.
I
have the faith of a
mustard seed.
God is
a rewarder of those who diligently seek
Him.
I've
had a rough
couple of
days spiritually.
The Lord showed me
that
when you get knocked into
a ditch,
a Good Samaritan
might
pull you
out,
but
they aren't
necessarily
supposed to be in
your life forever. You bless them
and let them
pass through.
Some people are just
there
for
a
moment.
Thank
you
to
all
the people
who
have
helped me out of my ditch.
has
been an amazing year
so
far.
I've seen
storms,
but we have
a
reprieve.
Breathe in the victory
of
the inauguration.
Father, I bless these
people. We
believe
will
be
the
year
of
babies
for
those
who
haven't
been
able
to conceive.
Everything they put their
hands to will prosper.
This will be a time of
acceleration.
Like President Trump said, we
will 'drill, baby,
drill.'I
prophesied that
he
would
say that.
I
thank you for the wealth
coming to
America—a
golden age.
Klaus
Schwab
and
Emmanuel
Macron
will not be here much
longer, but the Antichrist
spirit is still here.
If you're new here,
please like and subscribe.
We're reaching
the lost one soul at a time
through
our YouTube
channels
in
China,
Japan,
Korea,
and
France.
Jesus loves you so much.
God bless you all.